Hi, I'm Kevin. I'm a software engineer
working at Warp.
>> Hi, I'm Lucy, also a software engineer
here at Warp.
>> Today, we're going to introduce a new
feature we're building to Warp called
Context. It gives Warp's understanding
and the capability to semantically
search your codebase.
>> Lucy and Kevin, take one. Mark,
>> I worked on the warp for Windows build
and the warp for Linux build for a
while. And now I want to work on a
feature called block sharing. It's
existed in Warp for a little bit, but we
have some improvements we want to make
to it. The issue is that I've been
working on platform things and I'm not
super familiar with how block sharing
works. It's a feature that uses two code
bases. It looks at our client codebase
which is in Rust and our server codebase
which is in Go. So, this will be a good
opportunity to see if codebase context
can help me understand the feature end
to end.
>> Yeah, I happen to work in this part of
the codebase before. So, normally I
would have to do a one-on-one on
boarding and walk through every part of
the flow, but today we're going to see
how Warp is able to help us on board.
>> So, I'm going to go into Warp and I'm
going to open Warp Drive and I have this
shared workflow to explain a Warp
feature end to end. And this is really
handy. It's a saved prompt. It lets us
reuse warp prompts for LMS. In this
case, we are telling WP to go look in
warp internal for our client code and
warp internal for our server code and
it's going to explain to me a specific
feature. So, I'm going to type in block
sharing and let's see what Warp comes up
with.
>> So, one key thing with Warp's way of
building codebase context is we're not
restricting to any single one codebase.
So if you think about if we would build
the same feature in IDE, naturally your
scope is the current editor in the
project you're working on. But we
recognize that that there's a lot of end
to-end workflows that involve editing in
multiple codebase.
>> In this case, we're expecting to see
some results from the client codebase,
which is where the user would actually
share the block from. And we're also
expecting to see some results from the
server codebase which will serve a page
or a widget to the user who is trying to
view the shared block.
>> Yeah. So as we see right now it's
exactly following our instruction is
searching for block sharing in our
client codebase. It's finding the right
files in where we're rendering them. Now
it's searching in our server codebase to
find how we're handling it in GraphQL.
This is really cool. It's interesting
because the semantic search means that
Warp is able to find how this feature
works without us feeding it specific
function names or specific variable
names or terms in the codebase. There
are some files here and functions that I
would not have known to look for on my
own. But because of semantic search, I
don't need to know the exact term to
search for.
>> Awesome. It looks like it has found the
result and it's giving us a summary.
Let's see how it does.
So warp start with giving us an overview
on the client side architecture. It
talked about how we're rendering it in
the share block model. This is exactly
right. It gives us option to show like
we generate the title. We also have
different configuration for display. Now
we're going to our graphql client
integration. That looks exactly right to
me. It's also nice and formatted like
all this link will work if I want to
just navigate to that file. Something we
do a little bit differently is that um
when you make a change to a file that is
in an indexed codebase, Warp will detect
that a file has changed and we'll do an
incremental sync of that change up to
the server. So it will generate a new
embeddings for the specific file that
changed and then update that embedding
relatively quickly. So you're not going
to be in a situation where you are
trying to have Warp write some code for
you, but then Warp is trying to
reference some outdated file or a file
that it already changed. That update
happens immediately. This is a much more
useful starting point than just starting
with the code. And this also saves Kevin
a ton of time for onboarding.
>> Yeah, that's true. What do you think of
this whole summary?
>> This is much better. I think I can work
from this.
>> Awesome.
[Music]